As you saw, within 10 minutes,
we added authentication to our application by
outsourcing it to an authorization server.
And longer term, it's a more scalable solution as the number
of applications in your organization grow.
And Keycloak also supports microservices,
which I describe in the following modules of my previous OAuth 2 course.
So if you're developing a new application,
you should consider using an authorization server or some sort
of authorization authentication as a service.
It's more scalable, more secure, and yeah, it's just simpler.
And there are many more products out there now. And soon, Spring
Security will even have its own authorization server.
Next,
let's look at how logging out works with an OAuth 2 authorization server in the mix.